{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10900\viewh13140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 RentalCarCalculator\
\
-What is the Pick up date? (String)\
\
-What is the number of days for the rental? (Integer) \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 -What is your current age? Please enter a whole number (Integer)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
-Do you want an electronic toll tag at $3.95 a day? (String)\
\
-Do you  want a GPS at $2.95 per day? (String)\
\
-Do you want roadside assistance at $3.95 per day? (String)\
\
\
\
Calculate:\
\
Basic car rental \
\
Options cost\
\
Underage driver surcharge \
\
Output:\
The total cost is:                                 AGE FEE                                Electronic Toll Tag                GPS                      ROAD SIDE ASSISTANCE\
(29.99 * number of days) + (.30 * total amount for those days) + (number of days * 3.95) + (number of days * 2.95) + (number of days * 3.95) = TOTALCOST\
\
\
Your pick up date is PickUpDate. The total amount you will pay is TOTALCOST\
\
\
1. Create a scanner.\
\
2. Prompt user for pick up date\
\
3. Prompt user for age\
\
4. Prompt user for how many days do you want to rent the car\
\
5. Prompt user for electronic toll tag\
\
6. Prompt user for GPS\
\
7. Prompt user for Roadside assistance\
\
8. Multiply 29.99 X the number of days\
\
9. If they want electronic toll tag, ass 3.95 X the number of days\
\
10. If they want GPS, add 2.95 X number of days\
\
11. If they want roadside assistance, add 3.95 X number of days\
\
12. See if they are under 25, if they are, multiply the total cost by 1.3 \
	if they are 25 or over, do nothing.\
13. Show the basic car rental, options cost, underage driver surcharge and total cost.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}